https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-28563  Update search api with 'offset' and 'orderBy' parameters (#8604)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: apis/searchquery.json.adoc

The search query API is not a Kubernetes API, therefore is not displayed through the {ocp} API Explorer. Continue reading to understand the search query API capabilities.

*Deprecated:* The documentation for the APIs is deprecated. Use the _API Explorer_ in the console, or an `oc` command, to view current and supported APIs.

> 

Reviewer: @jlpadilla the API doc is deprecated and we should not be updating it....we announced this a while ago in scrum of scrum and elsewhere

Reviewer 2: Based on Slack convo and existing info in the file, it is confirmed that the deprecated label should be removed bc this is not a Kubernetes API.

| limit
| Determine the maximum number of results returned after you enter the query. The default value is `10,000`. A value of `-1` means that the limit is removed.
| Integer

| offset
| Number of items to skip before returning results. The default value is `0`. Use in combination with `limit` to implement pagination.
| Integer

| orderBy

> | Order results by a property and direction. Example: "name desc" or "created asc". Default order by uid ascending.

Reviewer 2: Are these considered filter options from the console ? 
```suggestion
| Order results by a property and direction. For example, configure your result order by "name desc" or "created asc". The default order is "uid ascending".
```

Author: These are not exposed on the console yet. These will be used to implement pagination on the Virtualization console.

This picture might help. To see items 11 - 20, the UI will request [offset:10, limit 10]
<img width="306" height="282" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3470947b-ccc5-48b0-aac1-718a6545ea48" />

Author: Oh, the `orderBy` part will be used to sort the table columns.

This will make a difference when working with very large number of resources. For example, 100K VirtualMachines is a possibility. Currently the console needs to load all 100k resources to show a table. With this feature we'll be able to just load the 10 resources that needs to be shown.

> | Order results by a property and direction. For example, configure your result order by "name desc" or "created asc". The default order is "uid ascending".

Reviewer 2: @jlpadilla does the user type "name desc" in the console? Or is it an option that the user can select as they enter their query? I am trying to decide on monospacing `name desc` and `created asc`. I also noticed that we spell out "ascending" for the the default value, but abbreviate the other options. Should all the values be abbreviated?

Author: This will be an api call, not on the console, so I'd say monospacing.
Valid values are `asc` and `desc`, so yes, need to update the default value, good catch

> | Order results by a property and direction. For example, configure your result order by "name desc" or "created asc". The default order is "uid ascending".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Order results by a property and direction. For example, use `name desc` or `created asc`. The default order is `uid asc`.
```
